Added workflow Unshorten URL with Microsoft Teams (#111)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Unshorten_URL_with_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Description

This workflow accepts a Microsoft Teams command containing a URL, looks up the URL with unshorten.me, and posts the full URL back.

Sample Slack Trigger Commands:

`!unshorten https://bit.ly/39HoYMu`

# Key Features

> * Lookup full URL with Microsoft Teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unshorten a shortened URL directly from Microsoft Teams
```

# Requirements

* Microsoft Teams Connection

# Documentation

## Setup

> Once the workflow has been imported, edit the workflow and setup or select your Teams connection. Each Microsoft Teams step will need the team name and channel name updated as well (edit the input with the preset text of `change_me`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

Once the workflow has been imported, each Microsoft Teams step will need the team name and channel name updated to suit your Teams environment (edit the input with the preset text of `change_me`).
```
